Integration docs: rename add-ons to apps (#43189)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hassio.markdown

| Sensor | Enabled by default | Description |
| ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| OS Agent Version | no | The version of the installed OS Agent

> | Apparmor Version | no | The version of add-onarmor

Author: ```suggestion
| Apparmor Version | no | The version of apparmor
```

For each installed add-on Supervisor provides following binary sensors:

> (These entities are disabled by default and must be re-enabled to add-onear)

Author: ```suggestion
(These entities are disabled by default and must be re-enabled to appear)
```
